Added qps probe script for Predefined Workflow sock-shop (#148)
litmuschaos/test-tools: custom/git-app-deployer/README.md

# **Git-App-Deployer**

Git-App-Deployer has been used for installation of sock-shop applications.
At first the user is asked to give the namespace, filePath and timeout.

### For -namespace :

Namespace provides an additional qualification to a unique resource name. This is helpful when multiple teams are using the same cluster and there is a potential of name collision. It can be a virtual wall between multiple clusters.

For "sock-shop" user has to pass
- -namespace=sock-shop

For Load-Test

- -namespace=loadtest

### For -filePath

For Weak Sock-Shop-Resilient check just pass:

- -namepsace=weak

In a weak scenario it will create single replica and Deployments for all.

For Resilient Sock-Shop-Resilient check just pass:

- -namepsace=resilient

In a resilient scenario it will create 2 replicas of pods with Statefulset for databases and Deployments for others.

### For -timeout

Timeout is used for termination of application. The exceeding time by default is 300s.
You may change the default time value e.g

- -timeout=400

### How the git app deployer works in the workflow:

> A kubeconfig file is a file used to configure access to Kubernetes when used in conjunction with the kubectl command line tool (or other clients).

Reviewer: Do we need this info>?

Author: Not such I am removing it!

It creates a namespace and then installs the required application on the basis of the given -namespace and -filepath.

> If namespace is already in exist then it shows log and start installing sock-shop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If namespace is already exists then it shows log and start installing sock-shop.
```
